Update documentation structure and start migrating to markdown (#934)
python-kasa/python-kasa: docs/source/guides.md

# How-to Guides

> This section contains guides of how to perform common functions with the api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains guides of how to perform common actions using the library.
```

Author: Done

## Discover devices

```{eval-rst}
.. automodule:: kasa.discover
```

## Connect without discovery

```{eval-rst}
.. automodule:: kasa.deviceconfig
```

## Get Energy Consumption and Usage Statistics

> ```{note}
>     In order to use the helper methods to calculate the statistics correctly, your devices need to have correct time set.
>     The devices use NTP and public servers from `NTP Pool Project <https://www.ntppool.org/>`_ to synchronize their time.
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```{note}
In order to use the helper methods to calculate the statistics correctly, your devices need to have correct time set.
The devices use NTP and public servers from `NTP Pool Project <https://www.ntppool.org/>`_ to synchronize their time.
```
```
This is currently rendered as a code block in the generated docs, but I think de-indenting should fix that.

Author: Done.  Enabled [colon_fence](https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/en/latest/syntax/admonitions.html#admonitions) myst extension in the process as per advice.

Reviewer: Nice find, colon fences look much nicer, too :+1:

### Energy Consumption

The availability of energy consumption sensors depend on the device.
While most of the bulbs support it, only specific switches (e.g., HS110) or strips (e.g., HS300) support it.

> You can use {attr}`~SmartDevice.has_emeter` to check for the availability.

Reviewer: Hmm, this should probably be `Device.has_emeter` or show an example how to use the modules interface? Although we do not currently have a common API for emeter...

Author: Done
